(LOOΠΔ's first fan meeting 'Line&Up' is over successfully!)
All: We're LOOΠΔ! Thank you!
(The girls are coming back to the waiting room after saying goodbye to the fans!)
(Even though the concert is over, they still feel so moved by lots of love they received from the fans!)
YeoJin: Our clothes teacher is shedding tears too..
YeoJin: Everyone here is in tears~
YeoJin: I tried not to cry...
Choerry: It's HeeJin!
(All the staffs who have worked since HeeJin went to Paris are shedding tears!)
JinSoul: Usually we cry when other people cry~
(JinSoul & Go Won hiding their tears in shame)
JinSoul: You know, crying is highly contagious.
ViVi: You did well~
HaSeul: I had a great time~
Olivia Hye: There was full of the amazing energy!
Chuu: Absolutely
Chuu: So it wasn't hard at all to do the last performance...
Kim Lip: I'd like to say thank you sincerely to all the fans!
Kim Lip: Love you! Love you all!
Kim Lip: Fighting!
Kim Lip: Fighting, LOOΠΔ!
Kim Lip: Love you all, members!
Kim Lip: They are crying again~!!